1. What is Emmet?

Emmet is a plugin for different text editors which enhances the work flow of HTML and CSS.
we can generate HTML and CSS codes by writing small shortcuts. 
for example if we want to apply boiler plate code inside html file then we have to type ! and press enter. 
if we want to see what will generate after hitting enter then we have to click ctrl+space.

2. Difference between a Library and Framework?

Library and Framework both are the reusable code which is written by someone else for developer.
The main difference is the inversion of control.
In case of library the in charge of control is in our hand. we call the library where ever we want to use 
in the code.
But in case of framework the in charge of control is not in our hand. Framework already defines the 
structure where we have to pass the code to run it.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?

CDN is content delivery network which is used to minimize the physical distance between the user website
and the hoisted website.
It helps in reducing latency. A bunch of servers are placed in different physical location and each server
cache the copy of the website , which helps the website to load faster in user's system.

4. Why is React known as React?

React is known as React because in React if any data changes then those components which are depends upon 
the data change/React spontaneously. 

5. What is crossorigin in script tag?

The purpose of crossorigin attribute is used to share the resources from one domain to another domain. 
Basically, it is used to handle the CORS request. It is used to handle the CORS request that checks whether 
it is safe to allow for sharing the resources from other domains.

6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM

React:
Helps you build user interfaces (UIs) in JavaScript.
Makes it easy to update and show UI changes based on data.

React DOM:
Specifically deals with showing React components on web pages.
Without ReactDOM, React wouldn’t know how to display things on a web page.
Takes care of connecting your React code to the actual HTML on a webpage.

In simple terms, React is like the architect who designs how things should look, and ReactDOM is the 
construction worker who puts those designs into action on a website. If you’re building web pages with React, 
you use both React and ReactDOM.

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

In Production mode the compression and minification happens in JavaScript and other resources to reduce 
the size of code, but performance in production mode is much higher than development mode.

8. What is async and defer? 

In case of async the script executes as soon as it loads/fetched it does not preserve any order. 
It loads parallely along with html parsing While in case of defer the script loads/fetched parallely along 
with html parsing but it executes after completing HTML rendering. Hence it preserves order.
